imp(feegrant): ensure we only execute revokeAllowance if there is no error is the grant is to be removed (#18767)
cosmos/cosmos-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

* (crypto/keys) [#18026](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/pull/18026) Made public key generation constant time on `secp256k1`
* (crypto | x/auth) [#14372](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/pull/18194) Key checks on signatures antehandle.
* (staking) [#18506](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/pull/18506) Detect the length of the ed25519 pubkey in CreateValidator to prevent panic.

> * (feegrant) [#18767](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/pull/18767) RevokeAllowance during UseGrantedFees the err should be nil.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* (feegrant) [#18767](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/pull/18767) Ensure we only execute revokeAllowance if there is no error is the grant is to be removed.
```

> * (feegrant) [#18767](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/pull/18767) Ensure we only execute revokeAllowance if there is no error is the grant is to be removed.

Reviewer 2: Can we move the changelog to x/fedgrant/CHANGELOG.md
